#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--find-links https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/libtpu_releases.html

absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   array-record
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   fiddle
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   ml-collections
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   rouge-score
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
anyio==3.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
array-record==0.2.0
    # via tfds-nightly
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   lingvo
babel==2.12.1
    # via t5
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via orbax-checkpoint
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
chex==0.1.7
    # via optax
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
clu==0.0.9
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via ml-collections
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   chex
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
editdistance==0.6.2
    # via
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
einops==0.6.1
    # via praxis
etils[enp,epath]==1.3.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   clu
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
fiddle @ git+https://github.com/google/fiddle@22da3ba3443c06c7f7cf02a3f19f07872be04269
    # via praxis
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
flax==0.6.10
    # via
    #   clu
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2023.6.0
    # via huggingface-hub
future==0.18.3
    # via mesh-tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   t5
google-auth==2.20.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.1
    # via tensorflow-metadata
graph-compression-google-research==0.0.4
    # via lingvo
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via fiddle
grpcio==1.54.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpcio-reflection
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
grpcio-reflection==1.48.2
    # via -r requirements.in
h5py==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.15.1
    # via transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
immutabledict==2.2.4
    # via t5
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   orbax-checkpoint
ipykernel==6.23.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   lingvo
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax @ git+https://github.com/google/jax@816ba912630295dc44a9738f7ef0fbdddd9c9d67
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
jax-bitempered-loss==0.0.2
    # via praxis
jaxlib==0.4.12
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   jax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via lingvo
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-http-over-ws==0.0.8
    # via lingvo
jupyter-server==2.6.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.0
    # via tensorflow
libcst==1.0.1
    # via fiddle
libtpu-nightly==0.1.dev20230608
    # via jax
lingvo==0.12.6
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
lxml==4.9.2
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.4.3
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via lingvo
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mesh-tensorflow[transformer]==0.1.21
    # via t5
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
ml-collections==0.1.1
    # via clu
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
model-pruning-google-research==0.0.5
    # via lingvo
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   rouge-score
    #   t5
notebook==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   contourpy
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pandas
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorstore
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.1.5
    # via
    #   flax
    #   praxis
optax-shampoo==0.0.6
    # via praxis
orbax-checkpoint==0.2.5
    # via
    #   flax
    #   paxml
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   clu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.2
    # via t5
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
paxml @ git+https://github.com/google/paxml@ea9f5aec2e1d525b1a7e55bf48640526e91e8911
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==3.5.3
    # via jupyter-core
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via sacrebleu
portpicker==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
praxis @ git+https://github.com/google/praxis@0aa4f5cacf8841457edecc33939b4806a25b7d8e
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paxml
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-reflection
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   portpicker
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyglove==0.3.0
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   libcst
    #   ml-collections
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
regex==2023.6.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacrebleu
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.4.2
    # via flax
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via t5
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacrebleu==2.3.1
    # via t5
safetensors==0.3.1
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   t5
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   t5
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
seqio @ git+https://github.com/google/seqio@9cba268a56135d3ef74be248b97da56f490e032d
    # via paxml
seqio-nightly==0.0.15.dev20230613
    # via t5
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   ml-collections
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   rouge-score
    #   t5
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via lingvo
t5==0.9.4
    # via paxml
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.3
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-datasets==4.8.3
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   mesh-tensorflow
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.13.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   tensorflow-text
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.32.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.12.0
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
tensorflow-text==2.9.0
    # via
    #   lingvo
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
tensorstore==0.1.37
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   paxml
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tfds-nightly==4.8.3.dev202303280045
    # via
    #   paxml
    #   praxis
    #   seqio
    #   seqio-nightly
    #   t5
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
toolz==0.12.0
    # via chex
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-http-over-ws
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.30.2
    # via t5
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   etils
    #   fiddle
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   libcst
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via libcst
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   clu
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tfds-nightly
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==67.8.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
